[Music]
seven popular symbols we don't know the
meaning of everyday we encounter
thousands of signs and symbols we use
some of them to express our strongest
feelings when we can't find the right
words have you ever wondered about those
symbols origins and are you accurately
using them here is a selection of some
of the most famous symbols for instance
the Bluetooth symbol the meanings and
origins of which remain a mystery to
most people symbol number seven the
ampersand the ampersand symbol
represents the latins conjunction at
which equals the English word and such
ligature was first invented in ancient
Rome by Tyrone Cicero's secretary to
speed up writing Cairo invented a system
of abbreviations which became known as
the Tyrolean notes many centuries later
the ampersand became so popular in
Europe and America that for a long time
it enjoyed the honor of concluding the
English alphabet it only began to be
omitted in the early 20th century the
actual word ampersand is a contraction
of the phrase and per se and that
teachers used to say after reciting the
alphabet from A to Z over time the
letters E and T have merged into the
symbol we use today symbol number six
the heart symbol in this case things are
even less straightforward despite the
widespread belief that love resides in
the heart everyone knows that the shape
of the real human heart has little in
common with the symbolic representation
however there are several theories about
the symbols origins
one when courting swans approached each
other in the middle of the lake their
shapes merge into a shape similar to the
heart symbol in many of the world's
cultures these birds represent love
loyalty and devotion because Swan pairs
stay together for life to another
hypothesis says that the heart symbol
initially represented the feminine form
supporters of this theory argue that the
symbol depicts the shape of the female
pelvis the ancient Greeks were known to
attach special significance to this part
of the female anatomy and even went on
to construct one extraordinary temple to
the goddess Aphrodite it was unique
because it was the only temple in the
world in which people worshiped the
buttocks oh yes you read that right
[Music]
three there was also a theory stating
that this symbol represents the shape of
an ivy leaf on their vases the Greeks
usually included ivy leaves and drawings
that portrayed unisys the god of
winemaking and patron of passion symbol
number five the medical symbol
not many people know this but the symbol
of Medicine a staff with wings and two
snakes was first adopted by mistake
according to legend the Greek god Hermes
in the Roman pantheon mercury possessed
the magic staff the caduceus which
looked precisely like the modern medical
symbol the caduceus had the power to
stop any disputes and reconcile enemies
but it had nothing to do with medicine
the truth is that more than a hundred
years ago US military doctors confused
the caduceus with the rod of Asclepius
which looks similar but had no wings and
only one snake since Asclepius is the
ancient greek god of healing and
medicine the mistake is quite
understandable subsequently the symbol
has taken root and is now used to
represent medical confidentiality symbol
number four
the power-on symbol the power or power
arm symbol can be found on practically
any device but few people know about its
origin as early as the 1940s engineers
use the binary system for representing
specific switches where one men on and 0
men off in the following decades it is
transformed into a sign that features a
circle zero and a vertical line one
symbol number three the peace symbol the
peace symbol also known as the Pacific
was invented in 1958 during the protests
against the use of nuclear weapons the
symbol is a combination of the semaphore
signals for the letters and and D
standing for nuclear disarmament in the
semaphore alphabet the letter M is
transmitted by holding two flags in an
inverted V and the letter D is formed by
holding one flag pointing straight up
and the other pointed straight down
proposing these two signs forms the
shape of the peace symbol symbol number
two the okay sign most people interpret
this hand gesture as the equivalent of
the word alright or okay however it is
not perceived as something positive
everywhere for instance in France the
gesture denotes that the person at whom
it is directed is a zero a nothing also
there are several theories about where
this gesture could have come from one
it's believed that the okay sign
originated as a visual supplement to the
abbreviation of old Kinderhook New York
the birthplace of the 8th US President
Martin Van Buren during his election
campaign
van Buren adopted an alias that sounded
like the first letters of his hometowns
name the slogan of his campaign was old
Kinderhook was okay and the posters
portrayed a person showing the okay
gesture
to another similar hypothesis states
that the 7th US President Andrew Jackson
use this expression when finalizing his
decisions he often wrote all correct in
the German manner all correct or simply
the abbreviation okay
three another theory says that the okay
gesture by itself is nothing other than
a mudra a ritual gesture in Buddhism and
Hinduism the sign symbolizes learning
and many Buddhist artworks depict the
Buddha making this gesture symbol number
one the Bluetooth symbol in the 10th
century AD Denmark was ruled by King
Harald blackened a historical figure
famous for uniting Danish tribes into a
single Kingdom chorale was often called
bluetooth since he was a known lover of
blueberries and at least one of his
teeth had a permanent blue tint
Bluetooth technology is designed for
uniting multiple devices into a single
Network a symbol representing this
technology is a combination of two
Scandinavian runes agha or toggle eyes
which is the analog of the Latin H and
darken a room that equals the Latin
letter B these two runes form the
initials of horeb Latin name by the way
a first generation Bluetooth device was
colored blue and yes you guessed it
resemble the tooth if you enjoyed
watching the video don't forget to hit
the like button share it with others and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life